# vorarlberg-rising
Hoi4 mod in which the Austrian state of Vorarlberg gained independence in 1920. Skeleton repo until the mod is actually released.

In 1920, following the chaos of the Great War, Vorarlberg declared independence from Austria. They intended to unify with Switzerland, but the Swiss government would not allow it. Vorarlberg continued to exist in a limbo until 1934 when the Federal State of Austria invaded the small nation. The people of Vorarlberg, with help from the Swiss, resisted the invaders and pushed them into west Tyrol. Now in 1936, Vorarlberg is once again in a dilemma, as the future of the nation seems unclear. Ferdinand Riedmann has led the state autocratically since its inception, but some voices inside the country have called for that to end; and Riedmann, once dedicated to democratic values, now finds himself at the head of an autocracy. Internal issues are hardly the worst that the nation is facing, however. To the south and west of the country lie the Swiss Confederation, who have long aided Vorarlberg in their pursuit of independence. While Swiss influence has mostly been a positive for Vorarlberg, the nation may find itself a Swiss vassal if it isn't careful. To the north lie the German Reich, which maintains an aggressive Pan-Germanist policy and seeks to integrate the German-speaking lands to the south into their Reich. Swiss protection has kept Vorarlberg safe for now, but nothing lasts forever. Most important for Vorarlberg, is the east. The Austrian state of Tyrol has had growing unrest for the past two years, beginning with the Austrian invasion of Vorarlberg. Vorarlberg has a clear chance to expand eastward, as a faction of the independence movement seeks to unite with their brothers to the west. The future lies ahead for Vorarlberg, and it is up to you to lead them in it.

I intend to have ~6 years of content with one main path on initial release.
Join the discord server for updates: https://discord.gg/gNDH9mG7tp
